Support named sources for DynamicTest.stream(…) (#2548)
junit-team/junit5: documentation/src/docs/asciidoc/release-notes/release-notes-5.8.0-M1.adoc

* In parameterized tests with `@MethodSource` or `@ArgumentSource`, arguments can now have
  optional names. When the argument is included in the display name of an iteration, this
  name will be used instead of the value.
* `DynamicTests.stream()` can now consume `Named` input and will use each name-value
  pair as the display name and value for each generated dynamic test (see

>   link:{userguide-root}++/#writing-tests-dynamic-tests-examples++[User Guide] for details).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <<../user-guide/index.adoc#writing-tests-dynamic-tests-examples,User Guide>> for details).
```

Reviewer 2: @marcphilipp beat me to it: I was just about to paste in `(see
  <<../user-guide/index.adoc#writing-tests-declarative-timeouts, User Guide>> for details)` as an example. ;-)

Author: Ah yes, the link is targeting the source file directly, got it ^^

Thanks @marcphilipp, and runner-up @sbrannen 😁

* In parameterized tests with `@MethodSource` or `@ArgumentSource`, arguments can now have
  optional names. When the argument is included in the display name of an iteration, this
  name will be used instead of the value.

> * `DynamicTests.stream()` can now consume named inputs, and will use those names as test
>   names.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `DynamicTests.stream()` can now consume `Named` input and will use each name-value
   pair as the display name and value for each generated dynamic test.
```

Reviewer 2: Probably good to link either to the Javadoc for `Named` or to a section in the User Guide covering the topic.

Author: You mean link as in clickable link ?

Author: Or just a mention?

Reviewer 2: Yes, I mean a hyperlink.

Reviewer 2: You added new examples in the `documentation` project. So you should be able to link to the section of the User Guide that displays those examples.

Author: But do we usually put links in the release notes?

Reviewer 2: Yes, when a new feature is introduced we often link to the corresponding section of the User Guide if such a section exists.

Typically it takes the form:

* Introduced feature XYZ
  * See `<link>` in the User Guide for details.

Reviewer 2: Although it appears that we have not provided such links in recent releases, here's an example where we did: https://junit.org/junit5/docs/5.5.0/release-notes/index.html#new-features-and-improvements-3

> Support for declarative timeouts using `@Timeout` or configuration parameters (see **User Guide** for details).

Author: Not sure I did it the right asciidoc-way 😄
